docs: Updated educator docs for using Open edX as an LTI tool provider (#1448)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/site_ops/install_configure_run_guide/configuration/lti/enable_lti.rst

Enable LTI Provider Functionality
#################################################

.. tags:: site operator, how-to

The Learning Tools Interoperability (LTI) provider feature is included in Open edX but is disabled by
default. The recommended way to enable it on a Tutor-based installation
is to install a Tutor plugin. See `Creating a Tutor Plugin <https://docs.tutor.edly.io/developing/plugins/creating.html>`_.

*****************************
Create the Tutor Plugin
*****************************

Create a file named ``enable_lti_provider.py`` (for example,
``~/.local/share/tutor-plugins/enable_lti_provider.py``) with the
following content:

.. code-block:: python

    """
    Tutor plugin: enable-lti-provider
    Sets ENABLE_LTI_PROVIDER = True in the edx-platform LMS and CMS settings.
    """
    import textwrap

    from tutor import hooks

    __version__ = "1.0.0"

>     name = "enable-lti-provider"
> 
>     hooks.Filters.ENV_PATCHES.add_item(
>         (
>             "openedx-lms-common-settings",
>             textwrap.dedent("""
>             # Enable LTI Provider feature
>             FEATURES['ENABLE_LTI_PROVIDER'] = True
>             ENABLE_LTI_PROVIDER = True
>             INSTALLED_APPS.append('lms.djangoapps.lti_provider.apps.LtiProviderConfig')
>             AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS.append('lms.djangoapps.lti_provider.users.LtiBackend')
>             """),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # Enable LTI Provider feature
            FEATURES['ENABLE_LTI_PROVIDER'] = True
            ENABLE_LTI_PROVIDER = True
            INSTALLED_APPS.append('lms.djangoapps.lti_provider.apps.LtiProviderConfig')
            AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS.append('lms.djangoapps.lti_provider.users.LtiBackend')
            SESSION_COOKIE_SAMESITE = 'None'
            SESSION_COOKIE_SECURE = True
            SESSION_COOKIE_SAMESITE_FORCE_ALL = True
            CSRF_COOKIE_SECURE = True
            CSRF_COOKIE_SAMESITE = 'None'
            X_FRAME_OPTIONS = "ALLOW-FROM <your-lti-consumer-domain>"
            """),
```

@ayub02 do you want to just include it here?  you can add it like this, just call out that you need to update the X_FRAME_OPTIONS setting with a real value before this works.

If you want it to be a separate plugin snippet let me know and I can produce that for you as well.

Reviewer 2: I like having the plugin snippit in the code, unless we have a place to actually publish tutor plugins

Author: I've modified the plugin snippet to include Feanil's suggestion and added a note to update X_FRAME_OPTIONS setting. Thanks.

        )
    )

    hooks.Filters.ENV_PATCHES.add_item(
        (
            "openedx-cms-common-settings",
            """
            # Enable LTI Provider feature
            FEATURES['ENABLE_LTI_PROVIDER'] = True
            ENABLE_LTI_PROVIDER = True
            """,
        )
    )

.. note::

   The plugin patches both LMS and CMS settings. The CMS patch keeps
   both services in sync but does not affect LTI provider functionality,
   which runs entirely in the LMS.

*****************************
Enable and Apply the Plugin

> *****************************

Reviewer 2: I would just link to Tutor docs here, in case these instructions ever change. You can specify that the plugin needs to be enabled and your instance restarted (as per Tutor docs https://docs.tutor.edly.io/tutorials/plugin.html#modifying-existing-files-with-patches), and database migrations need to be run (as per Tutor docs - weirdly I don't see a mention of `manage.py migrate` command anywhere in the Tutor docs, https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Aoverhangio%2Ftutor+path%3A%2F%5Edocs%5C%2F%2F+%22manage.py%22&type=code, so maybe for now we keep the migration command here and/or make a PR to update tutor docs).
